[CARBONDATA-4338] moving dropped partition data to trash (#4276)
apache/carbondata: docs/configuration-parameters.md

| spark.carbon.hive.schema.store | false | Carbondata currently supports 2 different types of metastores for storing schemas. This property specifies if Hive metastore is to be used for storing and retrieving table schemas                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

> | carbon.enable.partitiondata.trash | false | This property is set to enable the feature of moving the deleted partition data to trash when dropped partition command is given

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| carbon.enable.partitiondata.trash | false | This property, when enabled, will move the dropped partition data to trash on ALTER DROP PARTITION operation.
```
